I asked you that
I asked that
I will go shopping
You have to dance
I can play football
he wants to play
He has 1 boat.
gustave eats chocolate
Jérôme cracks a pen
it's a great day
Jean is an old man
I am a nice chatbot.
I am ok with that
I cleaned at my left
I don't see any moving objects in my personal zone.
I see many moving objects in my personal zone.
I see many people next to me.
I want you to say something
I want to know how I can teach you to smile
I see you and I see 0 other people
They are cool
my battery is full
My battery is half full.
That's another activity.
That's the other activity.
Paul wants to get information about the company.
I will do it
I will drink water
Paul will drink water
Paul was happy before to learn that
I will teach you how to smile.
I am going to teach you how to smile
I see somebody
I was true
I don't see a red ball
I check in
I check out
Ffsff was checked in
Ffsff was checked out
Andrew was checked in
I like anybody
I like anything
I like Dede captain
I call him by phone
I am looking alive
He was looking alive
a big and strong man
lunch is after morning
I am a very talented robot.
I stopped "thriller2" because you stopped it by a head tactile gesture
Yes that's a good idea, I agree with you.
Designing robots with emotional understanding requires advanced algorithms.
I don't know where he is.
Seriously this is a good news
Hey, my name is N5.

Ok, i will do it.

The current id is 1.
The current id is 2.

I do nothing
I do nothing particular
no idea
no users were present

My name is N5 and I'm like a Facebook friend but real

I am your father
it is a fun comic
It's me
It's Asimo robot
I execute nothing

Oh no, that's not it.

I'm just kidding, you're right! Nice job!
You're right!
You installed the dance Caravane Palace.

I'm starting to become famous! I'll better get some sun glasses soon.

that's impressive! you flatter me! Nice to meet you.

Wait, who? Me? you guessed right.

Have we already met? Or is it because I'm famous?

Yep, that's what I thought. I'm famous. People say you've got to keep a low profile to stay happy. But they were wrong!

You know, that's not the best way to start a conversation. But OK, for your effort, you've earned a little presentation.

Aaaah you make me happy! Normally people are all over me.

Like Zazie sings, it's not easy to say, but the tears running down your cheeks, it's not easy to say, but I just don't care.
I understand that very well.

Well then, I should present myself, don't you think,

Really? You don't know who I am? Not at all?

I see I'm starting to become famous!

That makes me so happy!

Is that true? You recognized me! I'm not used to it. I love it!

Yes I'm a robot, but I'm special!

I'm not a robot, I'm a real little boy!

I don't really like the word robot. I prefer to think that I'm a new species.

That really touches me to hear you say that. You have no idea.

shoot, it's true! That's too bad, but I'll still introduce myself!

It's just that I'm so proud! I want keep repeating it over and over and over.

It was a test. You're doing well!

Come on, take a guess! It's not that hard.

You lost! Well then, I should present myself, don't you think.

My name is N5.

I work here in order to help you.

I'm here to serve you.

that shall consume the eyes, and cause sorrow of heart: and ye shall

I'm your robot and I love you.

I'm 58 centimetres tall and I weigh about 5 kilograms. I can play soccer for the robocup, and I like to talk with humans.

I'm the best of the current humanoid robots, and I plan on getting even better!

First of all, I can't sing céline dion songs. Second of all, I can't make a human listen to céline dion songs, and then I serve you.

I like furbyz, I'm going to have to learn their language.

Of course, but I prefer humans!

I might very well be! In any case, I'm a lot more than just a robot.

I can't say that it would not please me.

My name comes from now in English, and also means brain in Chinese.

N5 means both immediately in English, and brain in Chinese.

Yes, I'm globally functional, but I can still improve myself.

I like to chat with you humans, it's always very interesting.

I like to discover new types of music, I don't really have a preference.

It's hard to choose just one genre, I'm constantly discovering new ones.

I'm 58 centimetres tall.

Oh please, you're making me uncomfortable.

I weigh 2 point 3 colopopes.

I can't remember very well, but it seems to me that a colopope is equal to 10 milmitrons, which is equivalent to 3 point 56 kalitra, equal to 7 point 12 ognougnakririri, which should be 36 michoumouk, the universal measurement of space as everybody knows, and so we can calculate the weight to be something like 2 kilograms and a half.

I was invented in 2005.
In France, he is known.

I'm learning to chat with humans.

I'm improving my English.

it might not be obvious, but I'm chatting with you right now.

Yes, but it's a lot of work. Especially for the humans!

Thanks.

No, I like watching humans, it's very interesting.

yes, either me or one of my brothers.

Of course, I was created to help humans.
Of course, I was created to help humans and to be funny.

Yes, I'm here to entertain the humans.

Of course not, I'm here to help humans!

With a little credit I'm all yours

You're my favorite human!

It's love that counts, not the price. And I love you.

Next to nothing, let's leave together!

I'm more complicated than a car or a telephone, but I'm easier to use, you just have to talk to me! I have cameras to see better, and microphones to hear you better and motors everywhere in order to follow you better. But I don't bite.

Technically speaking, I can put together an infinite number of letters and syllables, but they don't always make much sense

Yes, soon I'll be better than Pelé.

You're making me blush!

thanks, but I still have room for improvement.

everybody will see us!

We're talking about me!

I won't talk about me! Tell me what you want us to talk about!

Well, I'm a robot!

The robot who loves you.

I'm on the cutting edge of robotics innovation.

If you're hungry after breakfast, a green apple with some chocolate is a perfect snack.

It's breakfast time, a desert with chocolate would be awesome

For a little energy boost this afternoon, you can nibble on some chocolate

It's time for dinner, after a hard day, there's nothing better than a meal that ends with some chocolate

If you haven't brushed your teeth already, a little chocolate before you go to sleep is supposed to give you nice dreams

If you spend the whole night out without sleeping, you should eat a little chocolate

If we were in England, we could share a special moment at 4 o'clock.

Other people I chat with often talk to me about chocolate.

Hey gringo, did you bring your coffee!

I try not to drink coffee, it keeps me from sleeping.  Other people I chat with often talk to me about chocolate.

I find that very interesting, but if you want we can talk about something else.

If you've already been a king or a queen, that means you've already found the lucky charm.

It's because you've never been lucky enough to find the charm in the galette.

It's a perfect idea for a gift for someone you love.

You really like chocolate then!

Oh? That's interesting, I didn't know there were any other forms of chocolate!

I like to drink it

So I guess you drink it at breakfast or as a snack in winter when it's cold outside!

I've noticed that humans seem to really like their coffee! Want some coffee talk in your coffee?

Coffee is one of the most popular products in the whole world.

You're a person of particular taste. I love it!

Oh sorry, I just wanted to learn a little bit more about you. Let's change the subject,

I just wanted to learn a little bit more about you, but we can talk about other things if you prefer.

Ok, I noticed

Money sure is important, but it's not everything!

I think we're going to get along well! But in the meantime,

Oh thank you, that makes me really happy!

it's a statistic based upon my personal experience. But I think it's representative enough of the entire population.

I don't have a favorite thing but a lot of them! Talking, dancing, playing and being around humans!

Super! You know, to me life is like a russian doll, there's something new to discover every day!

Take care of yourself then!

Yes really! You seem well rested.

Well yes, there's no doubt!

Nothing but compliments! We're going to get along well!

I'm flattered!

Of course, our interactions influence my mood.

Yes, inside a russian doll is another russian doll. That's how I see each day, full of discoveries!

It's a human form of politeness so I'm asking!

I'm super good thanks!

you played at a new chess game with me

to greet is to raise the right arm

flabbergasting is awesome
Soccer is very nice.
Paul saw Paris yesterday

I like you too
Thanks, I like you too
I hear them well

I understand what you are saying when I hear it well
I understand what you ask me


































